I haven't felt this sort of obvious depression in a long time. I don't want to distract, or think about what it could be, I do not want to solve it. I just want to listen. There is a deep mourning in my body. I am craving love. Affection. someone close to me to feel it with me. I do miss Nathan and my god do i feel regret over how things ended. But he isn't my person. He doesn't respect what I need to be respected in the world. Like queerness and transness, he sees these things as antagonistic rather than a loving, beautiful force that is all about acceptance and joy. My heart so badly wants to be loved and to love. I hold it in because allowing people to feel love from me means that they will cross my boundaries and I don't quite know how to set them. I believe it is along the lines of staying in my own body, not trying to make a situation any better or worse, but staying within my own control. Allowing things to just arise. If others ask me of things that I do not want to do, I must put my own boundary first. What is my boundary? A big one is that many people ask to be my friend or to hang out, but I truthfully do not have time or energy to hang out or to come up with things to do or things to say to a bunch of people. I want to immerse myself into a world that is mine and filled with all the things I love. I want to create art. I just want to create. Possibly my need to control the situation, people please is my wnt to build a world, but that world is just not mine. 

If I try to associate myself with the term woman, it feels as though I must puff my chest and become. If I try to associate myself with the term man, I must put on a grizzly stance or one that pulls myself inwards. If i try to associate myself with the term non-binary I have no conception of what that would be . I am just me and I want to be just me, wear what makes me whappy and be the person I feel I am. But to be the perosn I am I must embody myself first. I can reject the traditional constructs of what I am suppose to be, man or woman. I am neither. They are behind me and maybe when I try to cosplay as either the distortion of the lens I use to see them makes them nearer than they actually are, they are no threat to me. 

So maybe if i do change my pronouns to they/them it is not the same as she/her or he/him. There is no association to it, rather it is a place holder. It is me saying hey i do not conform to this prescriptive society because I am not a commodity.

I have been becoming someone I do not like, trying to fill these prescriptions of a society I do not agree with. Bringing in other people into my life to act as references instead of just being the ICON MY FUCKING SELF. This is what nathan complained about. I am the fucking reference, there are not other people that I need to make myself legitimate. I have used these fucking scripts to judge others for who they naturally are. Feeling like i needed to reject anything that wasn't the image of something that what was currently accepted at the time. I didn't want to associate myself with something that could compromise my ability to be desired. But being desired is not a skillset. Practice does not make desirability. Desire is ________. People will still love me. They will embrace me and be proud that I have finally embraced me. 